SPCTR-3124: Fix - Global button icon spacing issue in rtl (#3371)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Improvement: Forms - Safely removed older style implementation for child blocks.
* Improvement: Code - Improved Performance by optimizing apiFetch across the plugin.
* Improvement: Code - Improved code quality for passing React props.

> * Fix: Global - Resolved an issue in which the spacing between text and icon in button would not applied as intended in RTL mode for certain blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue in which the spacing between the text and the icon in buttons would not be applied as intended in RTL mode for certain blocks.
```

Author: Done.

> ###

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Removed
